>> Bianca Gandolfo: Adjacency list.
This is what we're going
to actually use for
the things that we're usually
interested in like finding paths and
things like that, and finding
neighbors that aren't just immediate.
It's gonna be easier to do
this with an adjacency list.
So here we have our adjacency list,
we have it
just the order we put in the list
to simplify our life, but
we do know that this can represent
other data, we talked about that.
So here is our array,
each Value in the array
represents what?
>> Speaker 2: Vertices?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All the vertices
that are connected to that one.
So we can see we have 1, 2, and 3.
Sorry, 1 is connected to 2 and 3, so
we have at 1 connected to 2 and 3.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
this is a directed graph, so
you can imagine that this
might be a linked list, right?
Linked list has a direction,
if it was weighted we'd
have a linked list with some
more information in there
like another .wait after
.net that kind of stuff.
>> Speaker 3: That top line is just
the way of saying that one is connected to
bullet two and three?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 3: Cuz it's looks like to me
that looks like one is connected to two,
two is connected to three
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
that's a good observation.
So what this is saying is
1 is connected to 2 and 3.
From 2 you can only go to 4,
from 3 you can only go to 4,
from 4 you can only go to 5,
from 5 you can only go to 6,
from 6 you can't go anywhere.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
Mm-hm.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right.
>> Speaker 3: So that thing,
that construct on the right
is the adjacency list?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep,
these are adjacency lists.
That's the one that you were looking
at that has the nodes in the object.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, question?
>> Speaker 4: And this table's
saying that one connector to two two
connector to three, one to two,
three two, another graph?
This shows one connector to
two is connector two to three.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: So splitting the
>> Speaker 4: Is that splitting things out
cut after one row and just putting 1, 2,
3, but the definition under something is.
There is connection to front to two,
sorry, as the graph shows.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No, from one to three.
So this means, from one,
you can either go to two or
you can go to three.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: From
two you can go to four.
From three you can only go to four.
>> Speaker 3: So in this in
the adjacency list you only look up.
You only look at the leftmost number,
and then you know everything.
So no matter how long line 1 got there,
it would only be referring
what's connected to 1?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
And this is just a way of
talking about what's in a graph?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
it's a way of representing our graph.
>> Speaker 3: Where do I represent?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
we'll explore some operations on it and
we'll see why we would do it this way.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.